Copyright (c) 1993 Cornell University, Kongji Huang
All rights reserved.
 
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for research purposes, without fee, and without written
agreement is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies of this
software.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CORNELL UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

THE CORNELL UNIVERSITY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE
PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES,
ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1993 The Regents of the University of California, Brian
C. Smith All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose, without fee, and without written
agreement is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies of this
software.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE
PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES,
ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
IJG Copyright

The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or
implied, with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy,
merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose.  This software is
provided "AS IS", and you, its user, assume the entire risk as to its
quality and accuracy.

This software is copyright (C) 1991, 1992, Thomas G. Lane.  All Rights
Reserved except as specified below.

Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to
these conditions:  (1) If any part of the source code for this software
is distributed, then this README file must be included, with this
copyright and no-warranty notice unaltered; and any additions,
deletions, or changes to the original files must be clearly indicated
in accompanying documentation.  (2) If only executable code is
distributed, then the accompanying documentation must state that "this
software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group".
(3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user
accepts full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the
authors accept NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind.

Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or
company name in advertising or publicity relating to this software or
products derived from it.  This software may be referred to only as
"the Independent JPEG Group's software".

We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the
basis of commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability
claims are assumed by the product vendor.
